# Repairs done.

These boards have been repaired multiple times.

## Sympthom: Some display segments do not light up or very dim.

Broken / increased resistance of one of the 470 E resistors in series with the
 (led) diplay.

These are located left above the display (4x) and reight below the display (4x).

## Sympthom: Display segments completely missing (or all segments very dim).

The boards are notorios for disconnected via's. So probably on one of the
 kathode side of the digits a trace is disconnected. The kathode side of the
 display is connected to the drain of an MMBF170 N-Fet (also use for button
 multiplexing).
So measure if the pin from the display is connected to the right fet (D) pin.

## Sympthom: A push button does not work.

The buttons switches tend to get bad over time. I have seen complete open
 switch contacts as well as contact resistances over a few hundred ohms.
Its best to replace them with a new switch if the contact resistance is over
 100-200 Ohms or so if you press them (actually they should be near zero Ohms).

A partnumber of the switch is:  FSM2JSMAAS (Brand TE)
The original switch actuator is orange, the above is pink (=260 gf). Probably
 the original has a small difference in the pressing force or it is just
 another brand using different colors.
The footprint of this replacement is just a tiny bit too large so it needs a
 small cut off, off the pins to get it to fit. So I have to search to find a
 better fit part. 

## Sympthom: A push button does not work despite the switch is OK.

I found broken via's in the PCBs on multiple boards, so measure the on the FET
 it drain of the offending switch if the trace is still in tact. If not solder
 a small jumper wire on the board where the crack has been detected.

## Sympthom: All push button does not work.

Probably the signal to CPU U2 pin 48 is diconnected.
It is the common line of the 3 BAS28 diodes.

## Analog input(s) do not work.

Probably related to a missing Vee for the 33072 opamps. This Vee (-5V) is
 generated by U5 (TPS60400). They fail a lot of times.

### Back to main page [main](../../readme.md)
